Adding October release to Docs changelog (#1717)
temporalio/documentation: changelog/october-release-2022.md

---
slug: october-release-2022
title: October 23 2022
date: 2022-10-24T00:00:00Z
---

Since last month's release, we have added or improved the following:

- We added and defined [History Shard](/clusters/#history-shard) as a core term.

- We updated information about [Namespaces](/namespaces) and [Retention Periods](/clusters/#retention-period), and added a section on how to [Manage Namespaces](/application-development/features/#namespaces) in the Developer’s guide.

- Added a [reference of metrics](/references/cluster-metrics) that are emitted from a Temporal Cluster.

- We published the [“next version” of Temporal’s CLI](/tctl-next/).

>   The future name of the CLI is “tbd”, but the functionality is available to use as tctl v2.0.0-beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The future name of the CLI is yet to be determined, but the functionality is available to use as tctl v2.0.0-beta.
```
Or at least all-caps “TBD”.
